VMDP doc set (#111284)
openshift/openshift-docs: backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-vmdp/oadp-using-vmdp.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

[id="oadp-using-vmdp"]
= Using {oadp-short} VMDP

> :context: oadp-using-vmdp

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:context: oadp-using-vmdp
```

An empty line after heading is required for AEM and DITA.

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Install the {oadp-short} VM data protection (VMDP) CLI, configure a backup storage location, and back up and restore data from within your virtual machine (VM). This helps you to manage your own VM backups independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the {oadp-full} virtual machine data protection (VMDP) command-line interface (CLI), configure a backup storage location, and back up and restore data from within your VM. This helps you to manage your own VM backups independently.
```

We probably want to expand all acronyms early. This abstract is at 268 characters.
